[
A pixelated grid.
My entire day.
My entire days.
Without this screen, I see nothing. But when I look at it, my eyes ache. Yet I do not stop looking. If anything, I look harder.
My mind hungry for more, my body hungry and sore. Greedy to finish writing one more line, or one more block, so I do not break the flow. Funnily enough, flow stopped a while ago. Now it is just raw dedication, converting discomfort into finesse. If it is finesse and not something I will have to do over when I see it with a rested pair of eyes.
An assortment of sunsets and sunrises blending in together removing all concept of time passing by. Only words are my milestones. And these fingers are chisels carving up the stone with light calculated strokes, graining it finely, so that someday it will become a sculpture; ceramic, exquisite, colossal yet graceful.
]
[
Maybe there will be more meaning to life after this. Or maybe doing this is the meaning of my life and it will be emptier afterwards. Maybe it will be barer so since I actually put something out there from within myself, hoping it will transcend me. That it goes higher and stronger than the flicker that is my consciousness.
A digital print on a pixelated grid, containing my soul.
My throbbing head and my rusty back conspire against me again. No longer am I allowed to have the privilege of the careless master. Your body is a temple, they say. I scoffed out loud at that thought. I decide to take a break.
]
[
I turn off the monitor and begin to rub my eyes under my glasses. I reach out to open the small window to the left, almost tipping the chair in the process. My courage is rewarded with a bland concrete wall a few feet away from the window. Even through this small distance I can tell it is foggy outside, perfectly embodying my grip over my state of being awake. The slight freshness that comes in is chilly and it reaches my cheeks. My head is standing heavy and tall, in pure defiance of the cold but still feeble enough that it needs to be held up by my fist.
I slumped at the chair ignoring the cold and put my head on the table deciding to sleep. I puddled there tired, listening to the booming inside my head, in a futile attempt to get some shut eye. I failed miserably.
I sat up straight with a quick motion in my annoyance, which to my annoyance lead the chair to tilt backwards a tad bit more than the laws of safe zones of staying vertical against gravity allow. I flailed my arms hoping to regain balance but the chair had decided it course with definitiveness. I cut my losses and lifted my neck higher so that my head stays safe.
At least that worked.
After my quarterly episode of let us check the sturdiness of the floor through bizarre methods, I placed my head gently on the floor. It came in contact harder than I had anticipated and I pondered about that.
Maybe it was time for another one of my biweekly visits. I wonder whom she will quote this time.
The cool floor did wonders to the booming in my head so I went ahead and rolled out of the chair to blend into the marble. As I did so, a torn strip of my sweatpants decided to hug the armrest of the fallen chair. I let the old friends catch up and lost myself in the cool ground.
The booming sound in my head shut down completely in an endless silence. No, not silence, a quiet soothing grinding sound, coming straight from the base. A light sound, like a whisper but an echo at the same time, singing a lullaby in a foreign language it comforted me throughout. There were no words, or did not even have highly distinguishing notes, yet it was beautiful. It felt like it truly came from the bowels of the earth. It went away if I tried to focus on it, only persisting if I let myself go. As if it was a condition that I just had to surrender to. I was happy enough to oblige. And oblige I did as I took my glasses off and placed them aside.
]